spellcheck and grammar (#491)
betaflight/betaflight.com: docs/development/Customized-Version.md

# Create a Customized Version

> The flight controllers have some limitations in space and computing capacity. The developers must decide what features enable and what others disable to create a firmware file that can be used by the majority of users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flight controllers have some limitations in space and computing capacity. The developers must decide what features to enable or disable to create a firmware file that can be used by the majority of users. Cloud build was introduced in firmware 4.4 where users can decide for them selves to include required features.
```

The first thing to do is to _#undef_ all the features that we want to disable from the _common_pre.h_.

> For example, in a NAZE32, if we're using Serial RX, with a FlySky receiver (that uses de iBus protocol) and we don't have a LED strip we will add all this _#undef_ to the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in a NAZE32, if we're using Serial RX, with a FlySky receiver (using iBus protocol) and we don't have a LED strip we will add all this _#undef_ to the file.
```
